[intense music playing]
[Matthew] Boss? Boss, wake up.
[tapping]
Hey, boss, come on, get up.
I mean it, seriously.
[sighs] We gotta get you out of here.
Gotta get your ruby back.
But we can't do that
unless you wake the fuck up!
Wake up!
[jingles]
[opera music playing]
-[waitress] Anywhere you like, hon.
-[TV playing indistinctly]
I'll be right with you.
[woman on TV] Don't go away.
We're about to serve you
a thousand-gallon cup of coffee,
right after Traffic with Terri.
Right. Uh, looking at traffic,
95 is backed up for a few miles
after an accident
involving two semitrucks.
It seems one of the trucks
was carrying hazardous materials.
Luckily, nothing was spilled…
[chatter continues on TV]
-[man 1] Thanks, Lindy. Have a good night.
-[Lindy] You too.
Best seat in the house.
How are you doing today?
How am I doing? Well…
I'm feeling better than I have
for quite some time. Thank you.
Mmm. I could use some of that.
What's your secret?
Shall I tell you the truth?
Well, honesty is the best policy.
That's what they say, isn't it?
Well, I hope it's true.
This…
is my secret.
[Bette] It's gorgeous.
It makes dreams come true.
I bet it does.
And what are you dreaming about?
New house? New job?
A new world. A more honest one.
That is the dream, isn't it?
Well, can I get you a cup of coffee
while we wait for our dream to come true?
Please. But we won't be waiting for long.
Then I better hurry up
and get you that coffee.
[woman on TV] Next, we have
one of our favorite friends at the show,
Dr. Brenda, in studio to talk about
a new diet that's sweeping the nation.
Coffee, Lindy?
Oh, I better not, hon.
I'm at the end of a double,
and Marsh will be here soon.
Uh, would you mind watching the front door
while I'm in the ladies room?
Now, that much I can handle.
I'll be right back to take your order.
No rush. I have everything I need for now.
[Bette exhales]
[chatter continues on TV]
[woman on TV] …are advising that
drivers detour on 195 if they can.
We'll keep you updated
as weather situations…
[man 2] You by yourself, Lindy?
No one on the floor.
[Lindy] No, Bette's here.
[weatherman on TV] It looks like
that particular weather pattern…
-Hi, Marsh.
-Bette.
[Lindy] Have fun, you two.
Mama's got a date
with her blackout curtains.
[Marsh chuckles] See you, Lindy.
How are you, Marsh? You good?
[Marsh] Yeah.
[doorbell jingles]
[weatherman] Predicting
severe thunderstorms
from a storm front
moving in from the south.
Now, those should clear up
by your drive home and…
Judy, you wanna sit
or get something to go?
Hmm?
Coffee? I just made a fresh pot.
God, yes.
I'm gonna pee.
If, uh… If Donna comes,
will you tell her I'm here?
Sure.
Will you tell her to wait?
-Absolutely.
-Thanks, Bette.
[man 3] Hey, give me a minute.
-[cell phone ringing]
-[sighs]
Hey.
Hey, I got your text. What's going on?
Is Donna there with you?
[Rose] No, why? You guys okay?
[Judy] Yeah, we just…
We had this stupid fight last night
and she left around midnight and…
-and never came home. So, of course, I'm…
-[objects clattering]
[softly] freaking the fuck out.
I'm so sorry, Jude.
-You haven't heard from her?
-No.
-Rose?
-I haven't, I swear.
-Did you try her mom's?
-[scoffs]
She wouldn't go to her mom's.
Would she?
Do you want me
to call over there and find out?
No. [sniffles]
I should at least pretend to be a grown-up
and call her myself.
Okay, then.
[sniffles]
[chatter continues on TV]
I guess Judy and Donna
had another fight last night.
Donna left and never came home.
Now Judy's calling all over town, frantic.
I don't know why Judy's
wasting her time on Donna Cavanagh.
Judy's so pretty,
she could have any man in town.
I think some people
are just afraid to be happy, you know?
We're running low on mushrooms.
I'll make a note.
-[door opens]
-[doorbell rings]
One for lunch, handsome?
Uh, is it okay if I… I'm kinda early
for an interview in the neighborhood.
-Is it okay if I just have coffee?
-Of course, I just made a fresh pot.
I'll set you up right here.
You interviewing at Vanguard?
How do you know? [chuckles]
Not a lot of places around here
make you wear a suit to an interview.
I don't wear them very often.
Well, you should. It looks good on you.
They're gonna love you.
You're very nice. Thank you.
I'm not being nice. I just…
I get a sense about people.
You're gonna get this job.
Judy, coffee's ready.
I'll just, uh, refill these creamers.
No offense, but I'm waiting for someone.
Well, I can move
if you two would rather sit here.
We're good, thanks.
I'm Mark, by the way.
And I'm gay, so…
Did you look at the menu?
I confess, I've been rather distracted.
Perhaps you could recommend something.
[doorbell jingles]
[Bette] There they are!
I am… I'm so sorry. Just one sec.
Of course.
[Bette] Happy anniversary, you two!
How are you on your special day?
-How do you remember?
-[woman 1] Every single year.
How could I forget?
You two are my proudest achievement.
That's just sad.
She set them up.
I set them up.
-[man 4] Oh, yeah?
-[woman] Oh, wow.
They were regulars…
Two of my best customers.
She thinks she has
this sense about people--
[Bette] I get this sense about people.
So one day I sat them down side by side…
Where you're sitting now.
…and here we all are, five years later.
The five best years of my life.
[woman 1 chuckles] Stop it.
-[woman 2] Congratulations.
-Happy anniversary.
[woman 1] Thank you so much.
You think it's sweet?
[chuckles softly]
What if she does have
a sense about people?
She just tried to set us up.
-[Bette] How's work going?
-[woman 1] Good. Busy.
Garry's supervising a new venture
that looks promising.
Right, sweetie?
How are you, Bette? How's Bernard doing?
-How's the writing going?
-[woman 1] Yeah, how's the novel?
Uh, good, you know.
I thought I'd have more time to write
with Bernard off at college,
but it's been great having him home, so…
What'll I get you two?
Oh.
We will have…
The usual, sweetie?
Spinach salads.
-[Marsh] Order up.
-[bell dings]
Oof. Look at that burger.
[Garry and Bette chuckle]
Oh, you've been so disciplined.
We don't want to ruin your macros.
Mmm, but it's our anniversary.
You're right. We're celebrating.
You should get whatever you want.
Don't say that
or I'll get the double-decker.
[laughing]
What's the double-decker?
Oh, it's got two of everything.
Two patties,
two layers of bacon,
cheese, two fried eggs.
Oh, God.
See?
Get it.
I mean, if that's what you want.
I'll have the salad.
I admire your discipline.
Both of you. Spinach salads on the way.
[cell phone chimes]
[chuckles softly]
-[man 5] Thanks.
-[Mark] They're trying to help people.
[Judy] They're trying to enslave people.
That's what Big Pharma does.
-You'll find out once you get the job.
-What makes you think I'll get it?
Vanguard fucking loves people like you.
They're from Vanguard?
That's the CEO.
You're kidding. What's his name?
Dude, she's the CEO.
-He's the trophy husband.
-Want me to introduce you?
Don't do it.
[sighing] Thank you,
but my level, it's probably best
to stay off the CEO's radar
for as long as possible.
-Thank you though.
-Well, how about lunch then?
The CEO's having a spinach salad.
I could have Marsh put
grilled chicken on that for you.
Yeah, I've got some time.
That sounds good.
[Bette] Spinach salad, grilled chicken.
Oh, my gosh.
I'm so sorry, sir. It's their anniversary.
Yes, I heard. You introduced them.
I did.
And you're not really
a waitress, are you, Bette?
You're a writer.
[chuckles]
Well, I'm a waitress who writes.
Fiction? Non-fiction?
Well, my characters
are all based on real people,
but it's fiction, I guess,
because all my stories have happy endings.
Well, that's because
you know when to stop.
How do you mean?
The trouble with stories is,
if you keep them going long enough,
they all end in death,
don't they?
-[bell dings]
-[Marsh] Order up.
So, what'll you have, handsome?
Ah.
May I ask, you don't really think
I'm handsome, do you?
No, of course I don't.
Then why did you call me that?
Why did you lie?
I don't know. I…
I guess I was just trying to be…
I just wanted to make you feel…
I wanted you to like me.
I do like you.
I like this version of you
much better, don't you?
Isn't it a relief
to tell the truth for once?
Don't you wish we could live in a world
where we could say what we actually think?
I do.
Well, it starts with us, Bette, you and I.
We're going to change the world.
Make a more honest one.
[eerie music playing]
[chuckles]
I was trying to be supportive.
By calling me fat… in front of Bette?
I did not.
[cell phone chimes]
Who keeps texting you?
Shipping. They want the distro list.
-[bell dings]
-[Marsh] Order up.
I sent that to Spencer last night.
I'll text him.
Don't do that.
[intense music playing]
When Spencer asked me a question
and you answer it? How does that look?
[woman 1] You care too much
about what other people think.
Yes, because I'm not the boss.
I've no authority or credibility
when you do shit like that all the time.
Lower your voice right now.
Here we are.
One spinach salad and one double-decker.
We didn't order that.
He didn't order that.
You didn't, did you? Oh, I'm so sorry.
-It's fine.
-You're not eating that.
I won't eat the bun.
Bette, would you mind--
Can I please
just eat what I want for once, please?
Thank you, Bette.
[Garry] Thanks, Bette.
[Judy] Hey, how many bars do you have?
I don't think my texts are going through.
Can I text you to see?
They're going through.
She doesn't wanna hear from you.
What?
Uh, I've got four bars.
Fuck you, dude.
[sighs]
Judy?
Did you hear from Donna?
You wanna wait a little while longer?
I'll get you a menu.
[John] Are you all right?
I don't think I am.
-[bell dings]
-[Marsh] Order up.
[electricity crackling]
[indistinct chatter on TV]
[thunder rumbling]
She left at, like, midnight
and I haven't heard from her since.
She hasn't answered
my calls or my texts. I…
I hope she's all right.
Do you?
No. Hope she's been
in a fucking car accident,
at least that would explain
why she hasn't texted back.
Why did she leave?
-We had a fight.
-[John] About what?
I get jealous sometimes.
Do you think she's cheating on you?
No, she would never.
Then why do you get so angry?
I didn't say I get angry.
I said I get jealous.
You're angry now, why?
Because I don't like people judging me.
I'm not judging you.
No one here is judging you.
Everyone here is judging me.
You, Bette, Marsh,
you all think I'd be so much happier
if I just fucked a dude.
Bette doesn't think
Donna's good enough for you.
She said that?
To Marsh. I heard her.
Yeah, well, she's wrong. I'm the one
who's not good enough for Donna.
That burger made you
sick to your stomach, didn't it?
[doorbell jingles]
There you are. Happy anniversary, you two.
[woman 1] Hi, Bette.
How are you on your special day?
[Bette speaking indistinctly]
[rumbling]
[Marsh] Order up.
Is this right?
Isn't that what he wanted?
[weatherman on TV] I usually enjoy being
right about the weather, but not today.
The storms I predicted
are producing high winds and hail,
which aren't totally unheard of
this time of year.
It's just that, apparently,
they're coming down from the north now,
instead of the storm fronts…
Who are you texting?
Shipping. They want the distro list.
Give me that.
[Bette] Here we are.
One spinach salad and one double-decker.
[exhales sharply]
Marsh, I salute you. [chuckles]
Before you two leave, there's a young man
here interviewing at Vanguard today.
His name is Mark.
Mark. Mark, come. Meet my friends.
Kate and Garry Fletcher, this is…
[nervously] Hi. Mark Brewer.
Sorry to interrupt.
Not at all. Bette says
you have an interview with us today.
Yeah.
I should probably get going.
I don't wanna be late for it.
Don't go. We can do it here.
[chuckles] You mean with you?
Mmm-hmm.
Kate?
Bette speaks very highly of you.
Please. Sit.
[chuckles nervously] Yeah.
You're not gonna believe this.
I think I just got Mark a job at Vanguard.
Marsh?
Can you not even look at me?
We're at work, Bette.
Well… what about after work?
You could come over, I can make us dinner.
Is Bernard gonna be there?
Probably.
But Bernard likes you.
He actually talks when you come over.
He doesn't talk when it's just me.
And after dinner,
he'll go up to his room and…
you could come to mine.
[thunder rumbling]
I don't think that's a good idea.
[Bette] Why not?
Marsh…
I want to.
[Bette sighs]
Don't you?
You don't want me, Bette.
You're just bored and lonely
and I'm what's around right now.
Why would you say that?
It's okay.
I'm not interested in you either.
What, then…
Then why do you keep comin' over?
Because I like to have dinner
with you and Bernard.
And have somebody else
to cook for a change.
Then after dinner,
when you fall asleep in front of the TV…
I like to go upstairs to your son's room.
Bette, I like fucking him.
-What?
-Yeah. Sometimes I let him fuck me.
He's… he's just a kid.
He's 21, Bette.
And he knows what he's doing.
I didn't know shit when I was his age.
[objects clattering]
[Bette] Excuse me.
[thunder rumbling]
Bette, you okay?
[Bette shakily] I'm fine.
I'll be right out.
[Kate] Tell me about yourself.
I graduated, um, three years ago.
[Kate] No, I know all that from your CV.
Tell me about you.
Your life. Do you…
Are you married? Do you have kids?
A girlfriend?
I think I'm a few years away
from any girl wanting to… date me.
Why do you say that?
Because I'm unemployed,
uh,
I live in a shitty apartment
with, like… five roommates.
I can barely take care of myself,
let alone somebody else.
Isn't that a bit sexist?
Not every girl needs taking care of.
-Would you mind telling my mom that?
-[chuckles]
And every girl I've ever dated.
When I met Garry,
he was selling gym memberships.
Now he's a VP at Vanguard.
Yeah. It's cool that
you guys work together.
Would you mind telling
my husband that? [chuckles]
Turns out men don't actually
love taking orders from women.
-Now who's being sexist?
-[chuckles]
[chuckles softly]
Some men love taking orders from women.
[thunder rumbling]
[Garry] Yeah, work's good, you know?
Busy.
Yeah, haven't seen you guys for a while.
Yeah, Kate's got me on this diet.
[chuckles]
I don't get to the gym as often
as I used to, you know, with work.
You're not gonna be on your deathbed
wishing you'd been to the gym more often.
You know, that is very true.
So, are you and Bette…
No.
She likes you though.
Not anymore, she doesn't.
Ah.
Sorry to ruin your lunch.
No, you didn't ruin my lunch.
Kate did. She's auditioning the new me.
[thunderclap]
He's just a kid.
So was I.
Shame about my burger though.
You want me to make you a new one?
-Can I eat it in here?
-Sure.
[sizzling]
[door opens]
-Oh, I'm sorry to make you wait.
-Oh, no, I… No, I was waiting for you.
Are you okay?
Is it Marsh?
I… I see the way
you look at him sometimes, so--
Oh, what is wrong with me?
Nothing. If he broke up with you,
there's something wrong with him.
He didn't break up with me.
Apparently, we weren't even dating.
Shit. I'm sorry.
No. No, it's a good thing.
Believe me.
I should get back to work.
[Judy] Really? You gonna be
okay in there with Marsh?
You know what?
Fuck Marsh.
[Kate] He used to be really attractive.
[Mark] Uh, he's still a handsome guy.
I guess I just know him now.
God, what happens
once you get to know someone?
Once you get to know Garry…
He'll fuck anything… except me.
Which is fine,
because he's not very good at it.
Are you?
[Garry] It's all about control with Kate.
When I met her, I had nothing.
She gave me everything,
but not because she loves me. No.
So I won't leave, so she won't be alone.
So people will think
she's lovable, but she's not.
She's cold.
She's perfect, and I'm not.
I love to eat, drink, fuck.
Kate doesn't like to do
any of those things.
So, what do you do?
[Garry] When I'm with her, I'm a good boy.
When I'm not…
I'm pretty bad.
How bad?
Sometimes you just need to
get your dick sucked.
-[thunderclap]
-You know?
[Bette] Donna's lucky to have you.
I don't know about that.
I think we broke up last night.
Oh, no, I'm so sorry.
I know you don't like her.
Well, that's not true. I just…
I don't like her for you.
You need someone you don't have to
take care of all the time.
[Judy scoffs]
Someone positive and fun
who'll take care of you.
Someone positive and fun… like, you?
[Bette] No.
Or yes, I don't know.
Someone who sees… how smart you are,
and how beautiful. And…
[whispers] What'd you do that for?
What is happening right now?
["Red Comes in Many Shades" playing]
Your husband can see us.
He's gone.
Everyone's gone.
Do you miss them?
♪ When all those things we used to do ♪
♪ Memories don't erase so easily ♪
♪ And lipstick traces on your face
Proved that to me ♪
♪ When we met
I was young and you were old ♪
♪ And yet it was me
Who invited you into their home ♪
♪ And once inside
You acted like a child ♪
♪ And, like a mother
When you left, all I did was cry♪
♪ And now it is always raining ♪
♪ My tears fall like rain ♪
♪ My eyes, they changed to grey ♪
♪ I am always in the rain ♪
The Vienna Zoo is reporting
that two giant pandas
have successfully mated
after ten years of trying.
Reports are that the pandas,
Bao Lin and Pai Gao, have mated
after a decade-long courtship effort
by zoo staffers.
Personally, I don't blame them
for not wanting to procreate
since they are two of only about
two thousand pandas in existence…
[continues indistinctly]
[thunder rumbling]
[vibrating]
[Bette] What if it's Donna?
It's not.
She never wants to see me again.
You don't know that.
I do.
And I don't blame her.
Why? What happened?
[thunder rumbling]
I hit her.
Last night when we were fighting…
I hit her in the face.
[objects clattering]
[Mark grunts]
Hey, man, just… Just take it easy.
-Think you're man enough for her, huh?
-Easy.
-Let's see what you got.
-[Mark] Just chill. [grunts]
[Kate] Garry, get off him!
Not bad.
You're not much of a fighter though.
You're weak. You're fucking pathetic.
You're perfect for her.
-[Garry gasps]
-[Kate whimpers]
[Kate] Oh, my God!
Oh, my God, Garry!
[Mark] I'm sorry.
[Kate] Garry?
-What did you do?
-[Mark] He attacked me.
-You saw.
-[Kate crying] Garry?
You all saw, he tried to choke me.
Somebody call an ambulance.
I would never do anything to hurt anyone.
I would never. That's not who I am.
[woman on TV] …assaults, and random
senseless murders in a wave of violence
that appears to be happening worldwide.
I don't think it is you.
I think it's him.
[woman on TV] Accidents
and disasters, traffic pileups,
trains colliding, planes crashing.
The governor has issued
a state of emergency…
You said you were gonna change the world.
I didn't believe you.
[woman on TV] We're also
getting reports of gas line explosions
and power grid failures
across the country.
All I did was take away the lies.
You all did the rest.
You did what you wanted to.
I never wanted this.
You didn't want to be seen,
or touched, or loved?
I didn't wanna kill anyone.
Yes, you did.
Or you wouldn't have done it.
Kate wanted to kill him too.
I did not.
You don't have to pretend anymore.
You can have what you want.
Put the knives down.
[knives clatter]
I offered you a world
where you could be yourselves
without having to suffer for it,
but it seems you enjoy your suffering.
And if that is your truth,
then perhaps your suffering
will set you free.
The truth is a cleansing fire…
which burns away
the lies we've told each other…
and the lies we've told ourselves.
[intense music playing]
So that love and hate,
pleasure and pain…
-[knife thuds]
-[breathing heavily]
…can all be expressed…
without shame.
Where there is no good or bad…
there is only the truth.
[thunderclap]
[snipping]
[body thuds]
[woman on TV] …power grid failures
across the country.
It seems the semitruck
carrying potassium hydroxide
that Terri mentioned earlier
was ignited in the middle of I-95
after a group of people
stormed the police barricade
and set it on fire.
The explosion is said
to have caused a subsequent fire
engulfing a number of cars and trucks,
one of which
was a tanker truck carrying gasoline.
[thunder rumbling]
Ninety-five is an inferno,
and the high winds
are carrying burning hot ash
into the surrounding neighborhoods.
[chatter continues on TV]
How is this a better world?
You're still seeing it with your eyes.
You need to close them.
Embrace the darkness.
[screams]
[Bette] I see the future.
[John] Then tell me.
Tell me my future.
[echoing] You come from dust.
You walk the dust.
You go back to dust.
That's everyone's future.
Tell me my future.
There is no future for you, John Dee.
It is bound by walls and guards
and the sour smell of madness.
And then the skein of your life is cut,
son of your mother.
No. Look again. Tell me my future.
You have stolen
some of the power of Dream's.
You will take all of it.
You will crush
the Dream lord's life in your hands.
Hello.
[sighs]
I'm John.
I'm glad you're here.
The power has gone out.
So there's no TV,
and no one left to talk to.
What is it you think you're doing?
Saving the world from its lies.
The ruby wasn't made for that.
Oh, you're The Sandman.
My mother was right.
She said you'd be coming for it.
You must return it to me so that
I can repair the damage you have done.
I'm not giving it to you, it's mine.
It is harming you, John, and your world.
It's revealing the truth.
-This is the truth of mankind.
-No. You're wrong.
This is the truth of mankind.
-[Bette] How's work going?
-[Kate] Good, you know. Busy.
[John] They're lying to themselves.
Garry's supervising a new venture
that looks promising.
[John] It's all lies.
[Dream] Not lies, John. Dreams.
Right, sweetie?
[Dream] Kate dreams of running away,
where no one will find her.
How are you, Bette?
[Dream] Garry dreams of proving
his father was wrong about him.
How's Bernard doing?
-How's your writing going?
-[Kate] Yeah, how's the novel?
[Bette] Good, you know.
Bette dreams of creating something
that matters to people.
Their dreams inspired them.
I thought I'd have more time to write
with Bernard off at college,
but it's been great having him home, so…
[Dream] Their dreams kept them alive.
But if you rob them of their dreams,
if you take away their hope, then… yes,
this is the truth of mankind.
The ruby is hurting you, John.
It has too much of my power within it.
It stole more when I tried to use it.
Then perhaps if I use it
to steal the rest of your powers,
I will be the King of Dreams.
If you'd rob a Dream lord of his power,
you shall do so in his realm.
In dreams.
[dramatic music playing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[footsteps approaching]
[woman laughs]
Welcome home, Johnny.
-[glass breaks]
-[John gasps]
Don't be such a baby, Johnny.
[laughs]
[baby crying]
[Ethel] Go to sleep, Johnny.
-Please.
-Mother?
[Ethel] Johnny, you have to go to sleep.
[whispering] Your father was right.
I never should have had you.
[John choking]
It's a dream!
[gasping] It's a dream.
It's a dream.
[panting]
Is this your palace… Dream lord?
Is this your throne… King of Lies?
Well, it's mine now!
Are you watching?
Can you see me?
Using your own powers
to burn away your lies?
[Dream] You must stop.
It is not too late to save yourself.
Oh, you think it's me that needs saving?
[Dream] Your father stole the ruby
from me and cursed you with it.
You mean he blessed me with it.
Your reign
ended when my father captured you.
Your kingdom
is my birthright.
Your power resides within me.
How does it feel to know
I hold your life in my hands?
[Dream groaning]
[Dream grunting in pain] You're hurting
the dreamers.
Well, it's time they woke up!
Your life and your lies end now.
I did it.
I killed him.
I won.
[Dream] Thank you, John.
[captivating music playing]
But I killed you.
You destroyed the ruby
and released the power inside it.
I would never have thought of that.
I'd forgotten just how much of myself
I had placed in the jewel.
Are you going to kill me?
I could.
Perhaps I will.
But the dream stone
was not made for mortals.
And it came to you
through no fault of your own.
So, no, John. I will not kill you.
Sleep well, John.
[Matthew] All the damage the ruby did,
can you undo it?
The ruby didn't do this.
John merely used it to reveal wounds
that were hidden, but never healed.
Tomorrow, the rebuilding will begin.
In this realm and in mine.
But tonight at least…
humanity will sleep in peace.
[intense music playing]
I'm watching you…
big brother.
[laughing]
[theme music playing]